ps3 games on psn digital media
games mania
talk beauty maicon personal here
starting another video of gta5 online
for you and this time bringing news
about the next update and what
happen on Friday rockstar left
news in the social club talking about it
this Friday will have a
update that this was the name of
special massacre of valentine and there
news have put the special
massacre of valentine sound
the newest free upgrade to
gte online that is coming this Friday
contains a variety of content
It's fun with the sound theme.
for story mode and also
to online mode
In this personal update they will
there put a new weapon that will be and
abuse
I'm going to put in a new vehicle that will be
the albany use and also we will put there is
new clothes new masks are some
there is at least one new hairstyle
there new hairstyle for you or for
female characters think that what
got it
I'm going to put ten new jobs there and
end of the news but they put
soon they will be launching is a
update on bank robbery is
So many people are waiting.
So let's hope for this assault on
virtual bank and talking about jumping
bank how to make a video too logo
after this one showing you there
a leaked gameplay from bank robbery
So wait until you leave soon.
of this video here
and about this update here on Friday
Monday I will go on holiday then the guy
I'll bring first hand to the guys.
the channel is all it again I saw that
update is for you there then no
I lost it if you liked this video that
let the one who favors help in the
disclosure
no more, this is a hug, stay in peace and
until the next video said